---
layout: post
title:      "Reboot 2020"
date:       2020-09-09 06:55:24 +0000
permalink:  reboot_2020
---


The content of your blog post goes here.Covid-19, its probably been a reason for many to pause and reinvent themselves this year.  I like to look at it as something that has made me take a step back and take a breath and ask myself “what do you want to do”.  To be honest I have not had the chance to take a step back in a long time. To many if you look at my past I am full steam ahead just about all the time.  I have spent the last 15 years in the hospitality resort industry working in Indonesia, Australia, Hawaii, Big Sur, Southern California, Lake Tahoe, U.S.V.I. and Monterey/Carmel Valley.  Needless to say I have been going non stop for some time, but I like to run at that speed.  

Obviously Covid-19 hit and that put a lot of us in the travel & hospitality industry out of work.  Stack that up with the immense wildfires burning so close to the resorts a return to work is far far off in the future if that.  Back to taking that step back and taking that breath.  I was able to take the time to look at what I was doing and where I wanted to go and with all the changes the probability of my current industry recovering and taking me there.  To be honest I was not sure what I wanted to do but I knew once I found it I would take it and run with it.  

I had a little pep talk with my brother and needless to say he gave me some good advice.  Go try this bootcamp prep course if you like it then I think this would be a great career for you,  if you find you are not enjoying it pack it up and move on to something else.  Well, I liked it!  I have always loved a challenge and know that by applying the same energy I gave to hospitality to software engineering this will be a rewarding career. 
